everybody going to open a special pack
that came up to the for the hockey
ultimate team cost thirty-five thousand
EA pucks or 699 Canadian I'm going to
buy one that's all I have enough for you
get 30 items players and consumables all
gold and 18 rare still it's pretty
loaded pack see what kind of stuff I get
in my pack here
got up let's see if we can get it here
it's hard to see it but I'll tell you
what I all got here first card is bryan
Little with Winnipeg he's an 84 next is
nice Patrice Bergeron an 89 Daniel
Carcillo with la 78 Alice Hemsky with
Edmonton 83 Josh Harding with the wild
and 80 this is andrew gordon Jack Hillen
daniel Paille Paul Ranger that's a
contract a goalie 7 plus low leg injury
for games contract again two of those a
goalie seven quick goalies rebound seven
leg injury for a training duration 15
games training skater five plus a whole
two of those all nice arrangers special
jersey there puck bonus of 1,000
training plus nine quick for goalie
logos of chicago columbus change team
vancouver a puck bonus a 2000 coach be
fiddler change team florida occurred and
a logo colorado so lots of nice stuff
there the best is in my opinion Patrice
Patrice Bergeron with an 89 overall so
lots of really good stuff there nice
packs if you haven't
enough pucks form pick them up for sure
alright thanks for watching